abomasnow:It whips up blizzards in mountains that are always buried in snow. It is the abominable snowman.
abra:Using its ability to read minds, it will identify impending danger and TELEPORT to safety.
absol:Every time ABSOL appears before people, it is followed by a disaster such as an earthquake or a tidal wave. As a result, it came to be known as the disaster POKéMON.
accelgor:When its body dries out, it weakens. So, to prevent dehydration, it wraps itself in many layers of thin membrane.
aegislash:Generations of kings were attended by these Pokémon, which used their spectral power to manipulate and control people and Pokémon.
aerodactyl:A ferocious, prehistoric POKéMON that goes for the enemy’s throat with its serrated saw-like fangs.
aggron:AGGRON claims an entire mountain as its own territory. It mercilessly beats up anything that violates its environment. This POKéMON vigilantly patrols its territory at all times.
aipom:Its tail is so powerful that it can use it to grab a tree branch and hold itself up in the air.
alakazam:Its brain can outperform a supercomputer. Its intelligence quotient is said to be 5,000.
alcremie:The moment it evolved, it took on a bitter flavor. This is because of the way its cells spontaneously shifted during evolution.
alomomola:The special membrane enveloping Alomomola has the ability to heal wounds.
altaria:ALTARIA dances and wheels through the sky among billowing, cotton-like clouds. By singing melodies in its crystal-clear voice, this POKéMON makes its listeners experience dreamy wonderment.
amaura:This ancient Pokémon was restored from part of its body that had been frozen in ice for over 100 million years.
ambipom:To eat, it deftly shucks nuts with its two tails. It rarely uses its arms now.
amoonguss:It lures prey close by dancing and waving its arm caps, which resemble Poké Balls, in a swaying motion.
ampharos:The tail’s tip shines brightly and can be seen from far away. It acts as a beacon for lost people.
anorith:ANORITH was regenerated from a prehistoric fossil. This primitive POKéMON once lived in warm seas. It grips its prey firmly between its two large claws.
appletun:Eating a sweet apple caused its evolution. A nectarous scent wafts from its body, luring in the bug Pokémon it preys on.
applin:It spends its entire life inside an apple. It hides from its natural enemies, bird Pokémon, by pretending it’s just an apple and nothing more.
araquanid:It delivers headbutts with the water bubble on its head. Small Pokémon get sucked into the bubble, where they drown.
arbok:It is rumored that the ferocious warning markings on its belly differ from area to area.
arcanine:A POKéMON that has been admired since the past for its beauty. It runs agilely as if on wings.
arceus:It is described in mythology as the Pokémon that shaped the universe with its 1,000 arms.
archen:Said to be an ancestor of bird Pokémon, they were unable to fly and moved about by hopping from one branch to another.
archeops:They are intelligent and will cooperate to catch prey. From the ground, they use a running start to take flight.
arctovish:Though it’s able to capture prey by freezing its surroundings, it has trouble eating the prey afterward because its mouth is on top of its head.
arctozolt:The shaking of its freezing upper half is what generates its electricity. It has a hard time walking around.
ariados:It spins string not only from its rear but also from its mouth. It is hard to tell which end is which.
armaldo:ARMALDO’s tough armor makes all attacks bounce off. This POKéMON’s two enormous claws can be freely extended or contracted. They have the power to punch right through a steel slab.
aromatisse:It devises various scents, pleasant and unpleasant, and emits scents that its enemies dislike in order to gain an edge in battle.
aron:This POKéMON has a body of steel. To make its body, ARON feeds on iron ore that it digs from mountains. Occasionally, it causes major trouble by eating bridges and rails.
arrokuda:If it sees any movement around it, this Pokémon charges for it straightaway, leading with its sharply pointed jaw. It’s very proud of that jaw.
articuno:A legendary bird POKéMON that is said to appear to doomed people who are lost in icy mountains.
audino:It touches others with the feelers on its ears, using the sound of their heartbeats to tell how they are feeling.
aurorus:The diamond-shaped crystals on its body expel air as cold as -240 degrees Fahrenheit, surrounding its enemies and encasing them in ice.
avalugg:Its ice-covered body is as hard as steel. Its cumbersome frame crushes anything that stands in its way.
axew:They use their tusks to crush the berries they eat. Repeated regrowth makes their tusks strong and sharp.
azelf:Known as “The Being of Willpower.” It sleeps at the bottom of a lake to keep the world in balance.
azumarill:By keeping still and listening intently, it can tell what is in even wild, fast-moving rivers.
azurill:AZURILL spins its tail as if it were a lasso, then hurls it far. The momentum of the throw sends its body flying, too. Using this unique action, one of these POKéMON managed to hurl itself a record 33 feet.
bagon:BAGON has a dream of one day soaring in the sky. In doomed efforts to fly, this POKéMON hurls itself off cliffs. As a result of its dives, its head has grown tough and as hard as tempered steel.
baltoy:BALTOY moves while spinning around on its one foot. Primitive wall paintings depicting this POKéMON living among people were discovered in some ancient ruins.
banette:BANETTE generates energy for laying strong curses by sticking pins into its own body. This POKéMON was originally a pitiful plush doll that was thrown away.
barbaracle:When they evolve, two Binacle multiply into seven. They fight with the power of seven Binacle.
barboach:BARBOACH’s sensitive whiskers serve as a superb radar system. This POKéMON hides in mud, leaving only its two whiskers exposed while it waits for prey to come along.
barraskewda:This Pokémon has a jaw that’s as sharp as a spear and as strong as steel. Apparently Barraskewda’s flesh is surprisingly tasty, too.
basculin:Red and blue Basculin get along so poorly, they’ll start fighting instantly. These Pokémon are very hostile.
bastiodon:Any frontal attack is repulsed. It is a docile Pokémon that feeds on grass and berries.
bayleef:The scent of spices comes from around its neck. Somehow, sniffing it makes you want to fight.
beartic:It can make its breath freeze at will. Very able in the water, it swims around in northern seas and catches prey.
beautifly:BEAUTIFLY’s favorite food is the sweet pollen of flowers. If you want to see this POKéMON, just leave a potted flower by an open window. BEAUTIFLY is sure to come looking for pollen.
beedrill:Flies at high speed and attacks using its large venomous stingers on its forelegs and tail.
beheeyem:It can manipulate an opponent’s memory. Apparently, it communicates by flashing its three different-colored fingers.
beldum:Instead of blood, a powerful magnetic force courses throughout BELDUM’s body. This POKéMON communicates with others by sending controlled pulses of magnetism.
bellossom:BELLOSSOM gather at times and appear to dance. They say that the dance is a ritual to summon the sun.
bellsprout:A carnivorous POKéMON that traps and eats bugs. It uses its root feet to soak up needed moisture.
bergmite:It blocks opponents’ attacks with the ice that shields its body. It uses cold air to repair any cracks with new ice.
bewear:This immensely dangerous Pokémon possesses overwhelming physical strength. Its habitat is generally off-limits.
bibarel:It makes its nest by damming streams with bark and mud. It is known as an industrious worker.
bidoof:With nerves of steel, nothing can perturb it. It is more agile and active than it appears.
binacle:Two Binacle live together on one rock. When they fight, one of them will move to a different rock.
bisharp:It leads a group of Pawniard. It battles to become the boss, but will be driven from the group if it loses.
blacephalon:It slithers toward people. Then, without warning, it triggers the explosion of its own head. It’s apparently one kind of Ultra Beast.
blastoise:A brutal POKéMON with pressurized water jets on its shell. They are used for high speed tackles.
blaziken:In battle, BLAZIKEN blows out intense flames from its wrists and attacks foes courageously. The stronger the foe, the more intensely this POKéMON’s wrists burn.
blipbug:A constant collector of information, this Pokémon is very smart. Very strong is what it isn’t.
blissey:Anyone who takes even one bite of BLISSEY’s egg becomes unfailingly caring and pleasant to everyone.
blitzle:Its mane shines when it discharges electricity. They use their flashing manes to communicate with one another.
boldore:When it overflows with power, the orange crystal on its body glows. It looks for underground water in caves.
boltund:This Pokémon generates electricity and channels it into its legs to keep them going strong. Boltund can run nonstop for three full days.
bonsly:It looks as if it is always crying. It is actually adjusting its body’s fluid levels by eliminating excess.
bouffalant:Their fluffy fur absorbs damage, even if they strike foes with a fierce headbutt.
bounsweet:A delectable aroma pours from its body. They are often swallowed whole by Toucannon lured by that wafting deliciousness.
braixen:It has a twig stuck in its tail. With friction from its tail fur, it sets the twig on fire and launches into battle.
braviary:They fight for their friends without any thought about danger to themselves. One can carry a car while flying.
breloom:BRELOOM closes in on its foe with light and sprightly footwork, then throws punches with its stretchy arms. This POKéMON’s fighting technique puts boxers to shame.
brionne:A skillful dancer, it creates a sequence of water balloons as it dances, and briskly bombards its enemies.
bronzong:One caused a news sensation when it was dug up at a construction site after a 2,000-year sleep.
bronzor:Implements shaped like it were discovered in ancient tombs. It is unknown if they are related.
bruxish:When it unleashes its psychic power from the protuberance on its head, the grating sound of grinding teeth echoes through the area.
budew:Over the winter, it closes its bud and endures the cold. In spring, the bud opens and releases pollen.
buizel:It has a flotation sac that is like an inflatable collar. It floats on water with its head out.
bulbasaur:A strange seed was planted on its back at birth. The plant sprouts and grows with this POKéMON.
buneary:It slams foes by sharply uncoiling its rolled ears. It stings enough to make a grown-up cry in pain.
bunnelby:They use their large ears to dig burrows. They will dig the whole night through.
burmy:To shelter itself from cold, wintry winds, it covers itself with a cloak made of twigs and leaves.
butterfree:In battle, it flaps its wings at high speed to release highly toxic dust into the air.
buzzwole:This Ultra Beast appeared from another world. It shows off its body, but whether that display is a boast or a threat remains unclear.
cacnea:CACNEA lives in arid locations such as deserts. It releases a strong aroma from its flower to attract prey. When prey comes near, this POKéMON shoots sharp thorns from its body to bring the victim down.
cacturne:During the daytime, CACTURNE remains unmoving so that it does not lose any moisture to the harsh desert sun. This POKéMON becomes active at night when the temperature drops.
camerupt:CAMERUPT has a volcano inside its body. Magma of 18,000 degrees F courses through its body. Occasionally, the humps on this POKéMON’s back erupt, spewing the superheated magma.
carbink:Born from the temperatures and pressures deep underground, it fires beams from the stone in its head.
carkol:It forms coal inside its body. Coal dropped by this Pokémon once helped fuel the lives of people in the Galar region.
carnivine:It attracts prey with its sweet-smelling saliva, then chomps down. It takes a whole day to eat prey.
carracosta:They can live both in the ocean and on land. A slap from one of them is enough to open a hole in the bottom of a tanker.
carvanha:CARVANHA’s strongly developed jaws and its sharply pointed fangs pack the destructive power to rip out boat hulls. Many boats have been attacked and sunk by this POKéMON.
cascoon:CASCOON makes its protective cocoon by wrapping its body entirely with a fine silk from its mouth. Once the silk goes around its body, it hardens. This POKéMON prepares for its evolution inside the cocoon.
castform:CASTFORM’s appearance changes with the weather. This POKéMON gained the ability to use the vast power of nature to protect its tiny body.
caterpie:Its short feet are tipped with suction pads that enable it to tirelessly climb slopes and walls.
celebi:This POKéMON wanders across time. Grass and trees flourish in the forests in which it has appeared.
celesteela:It appeared from the Ultra Wormhole. Witnesses observed it flying across the sky at high speed.
centiskorch:When it heats up, its body temperature reaches about 1,500 degrees Fahrenheit. It lashes its body like a whip and launches itself at enemies.
chandelure:It absorbs a spirit, which it then burns. By waving the flames on its arms, it puts its foes into a hypnotic trance.
chansey:A rare and elusive POKéMON that is said to bring happiness to those who manage to get it.
charizard:Spits fire that is hot enough to melt boulders. Known to cause forest fires unintentionally.
charjabug:Its body is capable of storing electricity. On camping trips, people are grateful to have one around.
charmander:Obviously prefers hot places. When it rains, steam is said to spout from the tip of its tail.
charmeleon:When it swings its burning tail, it elevates the temperature to unbearably high levels.
chatot:It can learn and speak human words. If they gather, they all learn the same saying.
cherrim:It blooms during times of strong sunlight. It tries to make up for everything it endured as a bud.
cherubi:The small ball holds the nutrients needed for evolution. Apparently, it is very sweet and tasty.
chesnaught:Its Tackle is forceful enough to flip a 50-ton tank. It shields its allies from danger with its own body.
chespin:The quills on its head are usually soft. When it flexes them, the points become so hard and sharp that they can pierce rock.
chewtle:Apparently the itch of its teething impels it to snap its jaws at anything in front of it.
chikorita:A sweet aroma gently wafts from the leaf on its head. It is docile and loves to soak up the sun’s rays.
chimchar:It agilely scales sheer cliffs to live atop craggy mountains. Its fire is put out when it sleeps.
chimecho:CHIMECHO makes its cries echo inside its hollow body. When this POKéMON becomes enraged, its cries result in ultrasonic waves that have the power to knock foes flying.
chinchou:It shoots positive and negative electricity between the tips of its two antennae and zaps its enemies.
chingling:It emits cries by agitating an orb at the back of its throat. It moves with flouncing hops.
cinccino:Their white fur is coated in a special oil that makes it easy for them to deflect attacks.
cinderace:It juggles a pebble with its feet, turning it into a burning soccer ball. Its shots strike opponents hard and leave them scorched.
clamperl:CLAMPERL’s sturdy shell is not only good for protection - it is also used for clamping and catching prey. A fully grown CLAMPERL’s shell will be scored with nicks and scratches all over.
clauncher:They knock down flying prey by firing compressed water from their massive claws like shooting a pistol.
clawitzer:Their enormous claws launch cannonballs of water powerful enough to pierce tanker hulls.
claydol:CLAYDOL are said to be dolls of mud made by primitive humans and brought to life by exposure to a mysterious ray. This POKéMON moves about while levitating.
clefable:A timid fairy POKéMON that is rarely seen. It will run and hide the moment it senses people.
clefairy:Its magical and cute appeal has many admirers. It is rare and found only in certain areas.
cleffa:Because of its unusual, star-like silhouette, people believe that it came here on a meteor.
clobbopus:It’s very curious, but its means of investigating things is to try to punch them with its tentacles. The search for food is what brings it onto land.
cloyster:When attacked, it launches its horns in quick volleys. Its innards have never been seen.
coalossal:It’s usually peaceful, but the vandalism of mines enrages it. Offenders will be incinerated with flames that reach 2,700 degrees Fahrenheit.
cobalion:This legendary Pokémon battled against humans to protect Pokémon. Its personality is calm and composed.
cofagrigus:It has been said that they swallow those who get too close and turn them into mummies. They like to eat gold nuggets.
combee:A Pokémon formed by three others. It busily carries sweet floral honey to VESPIQUEN.
combusken:COMBUSKEN toughens up its legs and thighs by running through fields and mountains. This POKéMON’s legs possess both speed and power, enabling it to dole out ten kicks in one second.
comfey:It attaches flowers to its highly nutritious vine. This revitalizes the flowers, and they give off an aromatic scent.
conkeldurr:It is thought that Conkeldurr taught humans how to make concrete more than 2,000 years ago.
copperajah:They came over from another region long ago and worked together with humans. Their green skin is resistant to water.
corphish:CORPHISH were originally foreign POKéMON that were imported as pets. They eventually turned up in the wild. This POKéMON is very hardy and has greatly increased its population.
corsola:It continuously sheds and grows. The tip of its head is prized as a treasure for its beauty.
corviknight:This Pokémon reigns supreme in the skies of the Galar region. The black luster of its steel body could drive terror into the heart of any foe.
corvisquire:Smart enough to use tools in battle, these Pokémon have been seen picking up rocks and flinging them or using ropes to wrap up enemies.
cosmoem:Motionless as if dead, its body is faintly warm to the touch. In the distant past, it was called the cocoon of the stars.
cosmog:Its body is gaseous and frail. It slowly grows as it collects dust from the atmosphere.
cottonee:When attacked, it escapes by shooting cotton from its body. The cotton serves as a decoy to distract the attacker.
crabominable:It aimed for the top but got lost and ended up on a snowy mountain. Being forced to endure the cold, this Pokémon evolved and grew fur.
crabrawler:While guarding its weak points with its pincers, it looks for an opening and unleashes punches. When it loses, it foams at the mouth and faints.
cradily:CRADILY roams around the ocean floor in search of food. This POKéMON freely extends its tree trunk-like neck and captures unwary prey using its eight tentacles.
cramorant:It’s so strong that it can knock out some opponents in a single hit, but it also may forget what it’s battling midfight.
cranidos:It lived in jungles around 100 million years ago. Its skull is as hard as iron.
crawdaunt:CRAWDAUNT has an extremely violent nature that compels it to challenge other living things to battle. Other life-forms refuse to live in ponds inhabited by this POKéMON, making them desolate places.
cresselia:Shiny particles are released from its wings like a veil. It is said to represent the crescent moon.
croagunk:Its cheeks hold poison sacs. It tries to catch foes off guard to jab them with toxic fingers.
crobat:It flies so silently through the dark on its four wings that it may not be noticed even when nearby.
croconaw:If it loses a fang, a new one grows back in its place. There are always 48 fangs lining its mouth.
crustle:Competing for territory, Crustle fight viciously. The one whose boulder is broken is the loser of the battle.
cryogonal:When its body temperature goes up, it turns into steam and vanishes. When its temperature lowers, it returns to ice.
cubchoo:When it is not feeling well, its mucus gets watery and the power of its Ice-type moves decreases.
cubone:Because it never removes its skull helmet, no one has ever seen this POKéMON’s real face.
cufant:It digs up the ground with its trunk. It’s also very strong, being able to carry loads of over five tons without any problem at all.
cursola:Its shell is overflowing with its heightened otherworldly energy. The ectoplasm serves as protection for this Pokémon’s core spirit.
cutiefly:It feeds on the nectar and pollen of flowers. Because it’s able to sense auras, it can identify which flowers are about to bloom.
cyndaquil:It is timid, and always curls itself up in a ball. If attacked, it flares up its back for protection.
darkrai:It can lull people to sleep and make them dream. It is active during nights of the new moon.
darmanitan:Its internal fire burns at 2,500° F, making enough power that it can destroy a dump truck with one punch.
dartrix:A bit of a dandy, it spends its free time preening its wings. Its preoccupation with any dirt on its plumage can leave it unable to battle.
darumaka:When its internal fire is burning, it cannot calm down and it runs around. When the fire diminishes, it falls asleep.
decidueye:It fires arrow quills from its wings with such precision, they can pierce a pebble at distances over a hundred yards.
dedenne:Its whiskers serve as antennas. By sending and receiving electrical waves, it can communicate with others over vast distances.
deerling:The color and scent of their fur changes to match the mountain grass. When they sense hostility, they hide in the grass.
deino:It tends to bite everything, and it is not a picky eater. Approaching it carelessly is dangerous.
delcatty:DELCATTY prefers to live an unfettered existence in which it can do as it pleases at its own pace. Because this POKéMON eats and sleeps whenever it decides, its daily routines are completely random.
delibird:It carries food all day long. There are tales about lost people who were saved by the food it had.
delphox:It gazes into the flame at the tip of its branch to achieve a focused state, which allows it to see into the future.
deoxys:The DNA of a space virus underwent a sudden mutation upon exposure to a laser beam and resulted in DEOXYS. The crystalline organ on this POKéMON’s chest appears to be its brain.
dewgong:Stores thermal energy in its body. Swims at a steady 8 knots even in intensely cold waters.
dewott:Strict training is how it learns its flowing double-scalchop technique.
dewpider:It crawls onto the land in search of food. Its water bubble allows it to breathe and protects its soft head.
dhelmise:Swinging its massive anchor, it can KO Wailord in a single blow. What appears to be green seaweed is actually its body.
dialga:It has the power to control time. It appears in Sinnoh-region myths as an ancient deity.
diancie:A sudden transformation of Carbink, its pink, glimmering body is said to be the loveliest sight in the whole world.
diggersby:With their powerful ears, they can heft boulders of a ton or more with ease. They can be a big help at construction sites.
diglett:Lives about one yard underground where it feeds on plant roots. It sometimes appears above ground.
ditto:Capable of copying an enemy’s genetic code to instantly transform itself into a duplicate of the enemy.
dodrio:Uses its three brains to execute complex plans. While two heads sleep, one head stays awake.
doduo:A bird that makes up for its poor flying with its fast foot speed. Leaves giant footprints.
donphan:It has sharp, hard tusks and a rugged hide. Its TACKLE is strong enough to knock down a house.
dottler:It barely moves, but it’s still alive. Hiding in its shell without food or water seems to have awakened its psychic powers.
doublade:When Honedge evolves, it divides into two swords, which cooperate via telepathy to coordinate attacks and slash their enemies to ribbons.
dracovish:Powerful legs and jaws made it the apex predator of its time. Its own overhunting of its prey was what drove it to extinction.
dracozolt:In ancient times, it was unbeatable thanks to its powerful lower body, but it went extinct anyway after it depleted all its plant-based food sources.
dragalge:Their poison is strong enough to eat through the hull of a tanker, and they spit it indiscriminately at anything that enters their territory.
dragapult:When it isn’t battling, it keeps Dreepy in the holes on its horns. Once a fight starts, it launches the Dreepy like supersonic missiles.
dragonair:A mystical POKéMON that exudes a gentle aura. Has the ability to change climate conditions.
dragonite:An extremely rarely seen marine POKéMON. Its intelligence is said to match that of humans.
drakloak:It’s capable of flying faster than 120 mph. It battles alongside Dreepy and dotes on them until they successfully evolve.
drampa:It has a compassionate personality, but if it is angered, it completely destroys its surroundings with its intense breath.
drapion:It has the power in its clawed arms to make scrap of a car. The tips of its claws release poison.
dratini:Long considered a mythical POKéMON until recently when a small colony was found living underwater.
drednaw:With jaws that can shear through steel rods, this highly aggressive Pokémon chomps down on its unfortunate prey.
dreepy:After being reborn as a ghost Pokémon, Dreepy wanders the areas it used to inhabit back when it was alive in prehistoric seas.
drifblim:It’s drowzy in daytime, but flies off in the evening in big groups. No one knows where they go.
drifloon:A Pokémon formed by the spirits of people and Pokémon. It loves damp, humid seasons.
drilbur:It can dig through the ground at a speed of 30 mph. It could give a car running aboveground a good race.
drizzile:A clever combatant, this Pokémon battles using water balloons created with moisture secreted from its palms.
drowzee:Puts enemies to sleep then eats their dreams. Occasionally gets sick from eating bad dreams.
druddigon:It warms its body by absorbing sunlight with its wings. When its body temperature falls, it can no longer move.
dubwool:Weave a carpet from its springy wool, and you end up with something closer to a trampoline. You’ll start to bounce the moment you set foot on it.
ducklett:These bird Pokémon are excellent divers. They swim around in the water eating their favorite food--peat moss.
dugtrio:A team of DIGLETT triplets. It triggers huge earthquakes by burrowing 60 miles underground.
dunsparce:When spotted, this POKéMON escapes backward by furiously boring into the ground with its tail.
duosion:Since they have two divided brains, at times they suddenly try to take two different actions at once.
duraludon:Its body resembles polished metal, and it’s both lightweight and strong. The only drawback is that it rusts easily.
durant:They attack in groups, covering themselves in steel armor to protect themselves from Heatmor.
dusclops:DUSCLOPS’s body is completely hollow - there is nothing at all inside. It is said that its body is like a black hole. This POKéMON will absorb anything into its body, but nothing will ever come back out.
dusknoir:The antenna on its head captures radio waves from the world of spirits that command it to take people there.
duskull:DUSKULL can pass through any wall no matter how thick it may be. Once this POKéMON chooses a target, it will doggedly pursue the intended victim until the break of dawn.
dustox:DUSTOX is instinctively drawn to light. Swarms of this POKéMON are attracted by the bright lights of cities, where they wreak havoc by stripping the leaves off roadside trees for food.
dwebble:This Pokémon can easily melt holes in hard rocks with a liquid secreted from its mouth.
eelektrik:They coil around foes and shock them with electricity-generating organs that seem simply to be circular patterns.
eelektross:They crawl out of the ocean using their arms. They will attack prey on shore and immediately drag it into the ocean.
eevee:Its genetic code is irregular. It may mutate if it is exposed to radiation from element STONEs.
eiscue:It drifted in on the flow of ocean waters from a frigid place. It keeps its head iced constantly to make sure it stays nice and cold.
ekans:Moves silently and stealthily. Eats the eggs of birds, such as PIDGEY and SPEAROW, whole.
eldegoss:The seeds attached to its cotton fluff are full of nutrients. It spreads them on the wind so that plants and other Pokémon can benefit from them.
electabuzz:Normally found near power plants, they can wander away and cause major blackouts in cities.
electivire:It pushes the tips of its two tails against the foe, then lets loose with over 20,000 volts of power.
electrike:ELECTRIKE stores electricity in its long body hair. This POKéMON stimulates its leg muscles with electric charges. These jolts of power give its legs explosive acceleration performance.
electrode:It stores electric energy under very high pressure. It often explodes with little or no provocation.
elekid:It rotates its arms to generate electricity, but it tires easily, so it charges up only a little bit.
elgyem:It uses its strong psychic power to squeeze its opponent’s brain, causing unendurable headaches.
emboar:It can throw a fire punch by setting its fists on fire with its fiery chin. It cares deeply about its friends.
emolga:The energy made in its cheeks’ electric pouches is stored inside its membrane and released while it is gliding.
empoleon:The three horns that extend from its beak attest to its power. The leader has the biggest horns.
entei:Volcanoes erupt when it barks. Unable to restrain its extreme power, it races headlong around the land.
escavalier:They fly around at high speed, striking with their pointed spears. Even when in trouble, they face opponents bravely.
espeon:It uses the fine hair that covers its body to sense air currents and predict its enemy’s actions.
espurr:The organ that emits its intense psychic power is sheltered by its ears to keep power from leaking out.
eternatus:The core on its chest absorbs energy emanating from the lands of the Galar region. This energy is what allows Eternatus to stay active.
excadrill:It can help in tunnel construction. Its drill has evolved into steel strong enough to bore through iron plates.
exeggcute:Often mistaken for eggs. When disturbed, they quickly gather and attack in swarms.
exeggutor:Legend has it that on rare occasions, one of its heads will drop off and continue on as an EXEGGCUTE.
exploud:EXPLOUD triggers earthquakes with the tremors it creates by bellowing. If this POKéMON violently inhales from the ports on its body, it’s a sign that it is preparing to let loose a huge bellow.
falinks:Five of them are troopers, and one is the brass. The brass’s orders are absolute.
fearow:With its huge and magnificent wings, it can keep aloft without ever having to land for rest.
feebas:FEEBAS’s fins are ragged and tattered from the start of its life. Because of its shoddy appearance, this POKéMON is largely ignored. It is capable of living in both the sea and in rivers.
fennekin:Eating a twig fills it with energy, and its roomy ears give vent to air hotter than 390 degrees Fahrenheit.
feraligatr:When it bites with its massive and powerful jaws, it shakes its head and savagely tears its victim up.
ferroseed:When threatened, it attacks by shooting a barrage of spikes, which gives it a chance to escape by rolling away.
ferrothorn:It fights by swinging around its three spiky feelers. A hit from these steel spikes can reduce a boulder to rubble.
finneon:After long exposure to sunlight, the patterns on its tail fins shine vividly when darkness arrives.
flaaffy:As a result of storing too much electricity, it developed patches where even downy wool won’t grow.
flapple:It ate a sour apple, and that induced its evolution. In its cheeks, it stores an acid capable of causing chemical burns.
flareon:When storing thermal energy in its body, its temperature could soar to over 1600 degrees.
fletchinder:From its beak, it expels embers that set the tall grass on fire. Then it pounces on the bewildered prey that pop out of the grass.
fletchling:These friendly Pokémon send signals to one another with beautiful chirps and tail-feather movements.
floatzel:It floats using its well-developed flotation sac. It assists in the rescues of drowning people.
floette:It flutters around fields of flowers and cares for flowers that are starting to wilt. It draws out the hidden power of flowers to battle.
florges:It claims exquisite flower gardens as its territory, and it obtains power from basking in the energy emitted by flowering plants.
flygon:FLYGON is nicknamed “the elemental spirit of the desert.” Because its flapping wings whip up a cloud of sand, this POKéMON is always enveloped in a sandstorm while flying.
fomantis:During the day, it sleeps and soaks up light. When night falls, it walks around looking for a safer place to sleep.
foongus:It lures people in with its Poké Ball pattern, then releases poison spores. Why it resembles a Poké Ball is unknown.
forretress:Its entire body is shielded by a steel-hard shell. What lurks inside the armor is a total mystery.
fraxure:Since a broken tusk will not grow back, they diligently sharpen their tusks on river rocks after they’ve been fighting.
frillish:With its thin, veil-like arms wrapped around the body of its opponent, it sinks to the ocean floor.
froakie:It secretes flexible bubbles from its chest and back. The bubbles reduce the damage it would otherwise take when attacked.
frogadier:It can throw bubble-covered pebbles with precise control, hitting empty cans up to a hundred feet away.
froslass:It freezes foes with an icy breath nearly -60 degrees F. What seems to be its body is actually hollow.
frosmoth:Icy scales fall from its wings like snow as it flies over fields and mountains. The temperature of its wings is less than −290 degrees Fahrenheit.
furfrou:Trimming its fluffy fur not only makes it more elegant but also increases the swiftness of its movements.
furret:It makes a nest to suit its long and skinny body. The nest is impossible for other POKéMON to enter.
gabite:There is a long-held belief that medicine made from its scales will heal even incurable illnesses.
gallade:A master of courtesy and swordsmanship, it fights using extending swords on its elbows.
galvantula:When attacked, they create an electric barrier by spitting out many electrically charged threads.
garbodor:It clenches opponents with its left arm and finishes them off with foul-smelling poison gas belched from its mouth.
garchomp:When it folds up its body and extends its wings, it looks like a jet plane. It flies at sonic speed.
gardevoir:GARDEVOIR has the ability to read the future. If it senses impending danger to its TRAINER, this POKéMON is said to unleash its psychokinetic energy at full power.
gastly:Almost invisible, this gaseous POKéMON cloaks the target and puts it to sleep without notice.
gastrodon:It has a pliable body without any bones. If any part of its body is torn off, it grows right back.
genesect:Over 300 million years ago, it was feared as the strongest of hunters. It has been modified by Team Plasma.
gengar:Under a full moon, this POKéMON likes to mimic the shadows of people and laugh at their fright.
geodude:Found in fields and mountains. Mistaking them for boulders, people often step or trip on them.
gible:It nests in small, horizontal holes in cave walls. It pounces to catch prey that stray too close.
gigalith:Compressing the energy from its internal core lets it fire off an attack capable of blowing away a mountain.
girafarig:Its tail has a small brain of its own. Beware! If you get close, it may react to your scent and bite.
giratina:A Pokémon that is said to live in a world on the reverse side of ours. It appears in an ancient cemetery.
glaceon:As a protective technique, it can completely freeze its fur to make its hairs stand like needles.
glalie:GLALIE has a body made of rock, which it hardens with an armor of ice. This POKéMON has the ability to freeze moisture in the atmosphere into any shape it desires.
glameow:It claws if displeased and purrs when affectionate. Its fickleness is very popular among some.
gligar:It flies straight at its target’s face then clamps down on the startled victim to inject poison.
gliscor:It observes prey while hanging inverted from branches. When the chance presents itself, it swoops!
gloom:The fluid that oozes from its mouth isn’t drool. It is a nectar that is used to attract prey.
gogoat:It can tell how its Trainer is feeling by subtle shifts in the grip on its horns. This empathic sense lets them run as if one being.
golbat:Once it strikes, it will not stop draining energy from the victim even if it gets too heavy to fly.
goldeen:Its tail fin billows like an elegant ballroom dress, giving it the nickname of the Water Queen.
golduck:Often seen swimming elegantly by lake shores. It is often mistaken for the Japanese monster, Kappa.
golem:Its boulder-like body is extremely hard. It can easily withstand dynamite blasts without damage.
golett:The energy that burns inside it enables it to move, but no one has yet been able to identify this energy.
golisopod:With a flashing slash of its giant sharp claws, it cleaves seawater—or even air—right in two.
golurk:It flies across the sky at Mach speeds. Removing the seal on its chest makes its internal energy go out of control.
goodra:This very friendly Dragon-type Pokémon will hug its beloved Trainer, leaving that Trainer covered in sticky slime.
goomy:The weakest Dragon-type Pokémon, it lives in damp, shady places, so its body doesn’t dry out.
gorebyss:GOREBYSS lives in the southern seas at extreme depths. Its body is built to withstand the enormous pressure of water at incredible depths. Because of this, this POKéMON’s body is unharmed by ordinary attacks.
gossifleur:It anchors itself in the ground with its single leg, then basks in the sun. After absorbing enough sunlight, its petals spread as it blooms brilliantly.
gothita:Their ribbonlike feelers increase their psychic power. They are always staring at something.
gothitelle:Starry skies thousands of light-years away are visible in the space distorted by their intense psychic power.
gothorita:They use hypnosis to control people and Pokémon. Tales of Gothorita leading people astray are told in every corner.
gourgeist:Singing in eerie voices, they wander town streets on the night of the new moon. Anyone who hears their song is cursed.
granbull:It is actually timid and easily spooked. If attacked, it flails about to fend off its attacker.
grapploct:A body made up of nothing but muscle makes the grappling moves this Pokémon performs with its tentacles tremendously powerful.
graveler:Rolls down slopes to move. It rolls over any obstacle without slowing or changing its direction.
greedent:It stashes berries in its tail—so many berries that they fall out constantly. But this Pokémon is a bit slow-witted, so it doesn’t notice the loss.
greninja:It creates throwing stars out of compressed water. When it spins them and throws them at high speed, these stars can split metal in two.
grimer:Appears in filthy areas. Thrives by sucking up polluted sludge that is pumped out of factories.
grimmsnarl:With the hair wrapped around its body helping to enhance its muscles, this Pokémon can overwhelm even Machamp.
grookey:When it uses its special stick to strike up a beat, the sound waves produced carry revitalizing energy to the plants and flowers in the area.
grotle:It lives along water in forests. In the daytime, it leaves the forest to sunbathe its treed shell.
groudon:GROUDON has long been described in mythology as the POKéMON that raised lands and expanded continents. This POKéMON took to sleep after a cataclysmic battle with KYOGRE.
grovyle:The leaves growing out of GROVYLE’s body are convenient for camouflaging it from enemies in the forest. This POKéMON is a master at climbing trees in jungles.
growlithe:Very protective of its territory. It will bark and bite to repel intruders from its space.
grubbin:Its strong jaw enables it to scrape trees and slurp out the sap. It normally lives underground.
grumpig:GRUMPIG uses the black pearls on its body to amplify its psychic power waves for gaining total control over its foe. When this POKéMON uses its special power, its snorting breath grows labored.
gulpin:Virtually all of GULPIN’s body is its stomach. As a result, it can swallow something its own size. This POKéMON’s stomach contains a special fluid that digests anything.
gumshoos:When it finds a trace of its prey, it patiently stakes out the location...but it’s always snoozing by nightfall.
gurdurr:This Pokémon is so muscular and strongly built that even a group of wrestlers could not make it budge an inch.
guzzlord:It has gobbled mountains and swallowed whole buildings, according to reports. It’s one of the Ultra Beasts.
gyarados:Rarely seen in the wild. Huge and vicious, it is capable of destroying entire cities in a rage.
hakamo-o:It leaps at its prey with a courageous shout. Its scaly punches tear its opponents to shreds.
happiny:It loves round white things. It carries an egg-shaped rock in imitation of CHANSEY.
hariyama:HARIYAMA practices its straight-arm slaps in any number of locations. One hit of this POKéMON’s powerful, openhanded, straight-arm punches could snap a telephone pole in two.
hatenna:Via the protrusion on its head, it senses other creatures’ emotions. If you don’t have a calm disposition, it will never warm up to you.
hatterene:It emits psychic power strong enough to cause headaches as a deterrent to the approach of others.
hattrem:No matter who you are, if you bring strong emotions near this Pokémon, it will silence you violently.
haunter:Because of its ability to slip through block walls, it is said to be from another dimension.
hawlucha:Although its body is small, its proficient fighting skills enable it to keep up with big bruisers like Machamp and Hariyama.
haxorus:They are kind but can be relentless when defending territory. They challenge foes with tusks that can cut steel.
heatmor:It breathes through a hole in its tail while it burns with an internal fire. Durant is its prey.
heatran:It dwells in volcanic caves. It digs in with its cross-shaped feet to crawl on ceilings and walls.
heliolisk:They flare their frills and generate energy. A single Heliolisk can generate sufficient electricity to power a skyscraper.
helioptile:They make their home in deserts. They can generate their energy from basking in the sun, so eating food is not a requirement.
heracross:This powerful POKéMON thrusts its prized horn under its enemies’ bellies then lifts and throws them.
herdier:It has black, cape-like fur that is very hard and decreases the amount of damage it receives.
hippopotas:It lives in arid places. Instead of perspiration, it expels grainy sand from its body.
hippowdon:It blasts internally stored sand from ports on its body to create a towering twister for attack.
hitmonchan:While apparently doing nothing, it fires punches in lightning fast volleys that are impossible to see.
hitmonlee:When in a hurry, its legs lengthen progressively. It runs smoothly with extra long, loping strides.
hitmontop:If you become enchanted by its smooth, elegant, dance-like kicks, you may get drilled hard.
ho-oh:Legends claim this POKéMON flies the world’s skies continuously on its magnificent seven-colored wings.
honchkrow:Becoming active at night, it is known to swarm with numerous MURKROW in tow.
honedge:Apparently this Pokémon is born when a departed spirit inhabits a sword. It attaches itself to people and drinks their life force.
hoopa:This troublemaker sends anything and everything to faraway places using its loop, which can warp space.
hoothoot:It always stands on one foot. It changes feet so fast, the movement can rarely be seen.
hoppip:To keep from being blown away by the wind, they gather in clusters. They do enjoy gentle breezes, though.
horsea:Known to shoot down flying bugs with precision blasts of ink from the surface of the water.
houndoom:If you are burned by the flames it shoots from its mouth, the pain will never go away.
houndour:It uses different kinds of cries for communicating with others of its kind and for pursuing its prey.
huntail:HUNTAIL’s presence went unnoticed by people for a long time because it lives at extreme depths in the sea. This POKéMON’s eyes can see clearly even in the murky dark depths of the ocean.
hydreigon:This brutal Pokémon travels the skies on its six wings. Anything that moves seems like a foe to it, triggering its attack.
hypno:When it locks eyes with an enemy, it will use a mix of PSI moves such as HYPNOSIS and CONFUSION.
igglybuff:It has a very soft body. If it starts to roll, it will bounce all over and be impossible to stop.
illumise:ILLUMISE attracts a swarm of VOLBEAT using a sweet fragrance. Once the VOLBEAT have gathered, this POKéMON leads the lit-up swarm in drawing geometric designs on the canvas of the night sky.
impidimp:Through its nose, it sucks in the emanations produced by people and Pokémon when they feel annoyed. It thrives off this negative energy.
incineroar:This Pokémon has a violent, selfish disposition. If it’s not in the mood to listen, it will ignore its Trainer’s orders with complete nonchalance.
indeedee:It uses the horns on its head to sense the emotions of others. Males will act as valets for those they serve, looking after their every need.
infernape:It uses a special kind of martial arts involving all its limbs. Its fire never goes out.
inkay:Opponents who stare at the flashing of the light-emitting spots on its body become dazed and lose their will to fight.
inteleon:It has many hidden capabilities, such as fingertips that can shoot water and a membrane on its back that it can use to glide through the air.
ivysaur:When the bulb on its back grows large, it appears to lose the ability to stand on its hind legs.
jangmo-o:It expresses its feelings by smacking its scales. Metallic sounds echo through the tall mountains where Jangmo-o lives.
jellicent:The fate of the ships and crew that wander into Jellicent’s habitat: all sunken, all lost, all vanished.
jigglypuff:When its huge eyes light up, it sings a mysteriously soothing melody that lulls its enemies to sleep.
jirachi:A legend states that JIRACHI will make true any wish that is written on notes attached to its head when it awakens. If this POKéMON senses danger, it will fight without awakening.
jolteon:It accumulates negative ions in the atmosphere to blast out 10000-volt lightning bolts.
joltik:Joltik that live in cities have learned a technique for sucking electricity from the outlets in houses.
jumpluff:Once it catches the wind, it deftly controls its cotton-puff spores to float, even around the world.
jynx:It seductively wiggles its hips as it walks. It can cause people to dance in unison with it.
kabuto:A POKéMON that was resurrected from a fossil found in what was once the ocean floor eons ago.
kabutops:Its sleek shape is perfect for swimming. It slashes prey with its claws and drains the body fluids.
kadabra:It emits special alpha waves from its body that induce headaches just by being close by.
kakuna:Almost incapable of moving, this POKéMON can only harden its shell to protect itself from predators.
kangaskhan:The infant rarely ventures out of its mother’s protective pouch until it is 3 years old.
karrablast:These mysterious Pokémon evolve when they receive electrical stimulation while they are in the same place as Shelmet.
kartana:This Ultra Beast came from the Ultra Wormhole. It seems not to attack enemies on its own, but its sharp body is a dangerous weapon in itself.
kecleon:KECLEON is capable of changing its body colors at will to blend in with its surroundings. There is one exception - this POKéMON can’t change the zigzag pattern on its belly.
keldeo:By blasting water from its hooves, it can glide across water. It excels at using leg moves while battling.
kingdra:It is said that it usually hides in underwater caves. It can create whirlpools by yawning.
kingler:The large pincer has 10000 hp of crushing power. However, its huge size makes it unwieldy to use.
kirlia:It is said that a KIRLIA that is exposed to the positive emotions of its TRAINER grows beautiful. This POKéMON controls psychokinetic powers with its highly developed brain.
klang:By changing the direction in which it rotates, it communicates its feelings to others. When angry, it rotates faster.
klefki:These key collectors threaten any attackers by fiercely jingling their keys at them.
klink:The two minigears that mesh together are predetermined. Each will rebound from other minigears without meshing.
klinklang:Its red core functions as an energy tank. It fires the charged energy through its spikes into an area.
koffing:Because it stores several kinds of toxic gases in its body, it is prone to exploding without warning.
komala:It is born asleep, and it dies asleep. All its movements are apparently no more than the results of it tossing and turning in its dreams.
kommo-o:When it spots enemies, it threatens them by jingling the scales on its tail. Weak opponents will crack and flee in panic.
krabby:Its pincers are not only powerful weapons, they are used for balance when walking sideways.
kricketot:It shakes its head back to front, causing its antennae to hit each other and sound like a xylophone.
kricketune:It crosses its knifelike arms in front of its chest when it cries. It can compose melodies ad lib.
krokorok:They live in groups of a few individuals. Protective membranes shield their eyes from sandstorms.
krookodile:They never allow prey to escape. Their jaws are so powerful, they can crush the body of an automobile.
kyogre:KYOGRE has the power to create massive rain clouds that cover the entire sky and bring about torrential downpours. This POKéMON saved people who were suffering from droughts.
kyurem:It generates a powerful, freezing energy inside itself, but its body became frozen when the energy leaked out.
lairon:LAIRON tempers its steel body by drinking highly nutritious mineral springwater until it is bloated. This POKéMON makes its nest close to springs of delicious water.
lampent:This ominous Pokémon is feared. Through cities it wanders, searching for the spirits of the fallen.
landorus:Lands visited by Landorus grant such bountiful crops that it has been hailed as “The Guardian of the Fields.”
lanturn:The light it emits is so bright that it can illuminate the sea’s surface from a depth of over three miles.
lapras:A POKéMON that has been overhunted almost to extinction. It can ferry people across the water.
larvesta:This Pokémon was believed to have been born from the sun. When it evolves, its entire body is engulfed in flames.
larvitar:It feeds on soil. After it has eaten a large mountain, it will fall asleep so it can grow.
latias:LATIAS is highly sensitive to the emotions of people. If it senses any hostility, this POKéMON ruffles the feathers all over its body and cries shrilly to intimidate the foe.
latios:LATIOS has the ability to make its foe see an image of what it has seen or imagines in its head. This POKéMON is intelligent and understands human speech.
leafeon:Just like a plant, it uses photosynthesis. As a result, it is always enveloped in clear air.
leavanny:Upon finding a small Pokémon, it weaves clothing for it from leaves, using the cutters on its arms and sticky silk.
ledian:When the stars flicker in the night sky, it flutters about, scattering a glowing powder.
ledyba:It is very timid. It will be afraid to move if it is alone. But it will be active if it is in a group.
lickilicky:It wraps things with its extensible tongue. Getting too close to it will leave you soaked with drool.
lickitung:Its tongue can be extended like a chameleon’s. It leaves a tingling sensation when it licks enemies.
liepard:These Pokémon vanish and appear unexpectedly. Many Trainers are drawn to their beautiful form and fur.
lileep:LILEEP became extinct approximately a hundred million years ago. This ancient POKéMON attaches itself to a rock on the seafloor and catches approaching prey using tentacles shaped like flower petals.
lilligant:Even veteran Trainers face a challenge in getting its beautiful flower to bloom. This Pokémon is popular with celebrities.
lillipup:It faces strong opponents with great courage. But, when at a disadvantage in a fight, this intelligent Pokémon flees.
linoone:LINOONE always runs full speed and only in straight lines. If facing an obstacle, it makes a right-angle turn to evade it. This POKéMON is very challenged by gently curving roads.
litleo:The stronger the opponent it faces, the more heat surges from its mane and the more power flows through its body.
litten:While grooming itself, it builds up fur inside its stomach. It sets the fur alight and spews fiery attacks, which change based on how it coughs.
litwick:Litwick shines a light that absorbs the life energy of people and Pokémon, which becomes the fuel that it burns.
lombre:LOMBRE is nocturnal - it will get active after dusk. It is also a mischief-maker. When this POKéMON spots anglers, it tugs on their fishing lines from beneath the surface and enjoys their consternation.
lopunny:An extremely cautious Pokémon. It cloaks its body with its fluffy ear fur when it senses danger.
lotad:LOTAD live in ponds and lakes, where they float on the surface. It grows weak if its broad leaf dies. On rare occasions, this POKéMON travels on land in search of clean water.
loudred:LOUDRED’s bellowing can completely decimate a wood-frame house. It uses its voice to punish its foes. This POKéMON’s round ears serve as loudspeakers.
lucario:It has the ability to sense the auras of all things. It understands human speech.
ludicolo:LUDICOLO begins dancing as soon as it hears cheerful, festive music. This POKéMON is said to appear when it hears the singing of children on hiking outings.
lugia:It is said that it quietly spends its time deep at the bottom of the sea because its powers are too strong.
lumineon:It lives on the deep-sea floor. It attracts prey by flashing the patterns on its four tail fins.
lunala:It is said to be a female evolution of Cosmog. When its third eye activates, away it flies to another world.
lunatone:LUNATONE was discovered at a location where a meteorite fell. As a result, some people theorize that this POKéMON came from space. However, no one has been able to prove this theory so far.
lurantis:It requires a lot of effort to maintain Lurantis’s vivid coloring, but some collectors enjoy this work and treat it as their hobby.
luvdisc:LUVDISC live in shallow seas in the tropics. This heart-shaped POKéMON earned its name by swimming after loving couples it spotted in the ocean’s waves.
luxio:Its claws loose electricity with enough amperage to cause fainting. They live in small groups.
luxray:It has eyes that can see through anything. It spots and captures prey hiding behind objects.
lycanroc:Its quick movements confuse its enemies. Well equipped with claws and fangs, it also uses the sharp rocks in its mane as weapons.
machamp:Using its heavy muscles, it throws powerful punches that can send the victim clear over the horizon.
machoke:Its muscular body is so powerful, it must wear a power save belt to be able to regulate its motions.
machop:Loves to build its muscles. It trains in all styles of martial arts to become even stronger.
magby:Each and every time it inhales and exhales, hot embers dribble out of its mouth and nostrils.
magcargo:The shell on its back is just skin that has cooled and hardened. It breaks easily with a slight touch.
magearna:This artificial Pokémon, constructed more than 500 years ago, can understand human speech but cannot itself speak.
magikarp:In the distant past, it was somewhat stronger than the horribly weak descendants that exist today.
magmar:Its body always burns with an orange glow that enables it to hide perfectly among flames.
magmortar:It blasts fireballs of over 3,600 degrees F from the ends of its arms. It lives in volcanic craters.
magnemite:Uses anti-gravity to stay suspended. Appears without warning and uses THUNDER WAVE and similar moves.
magneton:Formed by several MAGNEMITEs linked together. They frequently appear when sunspots flare up.
magnezone:It evolved from exposure to a special magnetic field. Three units generate magnetism.
makuhita:MAKUHITA is tenacious - it will keep getting up and attacking its foe however many times it is knocked down. Every time it gets back up, this POKéMON stores more energy in its body for evolving.
malamar:It wields the most compelling hypnotic powers of any Pokémon, and it forces others to do whatever it wants.
mamoswine:Its impressive tusks are made of ice. The population thinned when it turned warm after the ice age.
manaphy:Born on a cold seafloor, it will swim great distances to return to its birthplace.
mandibuzz:It makes a nest out of bones it finds. It grabs weakened prey in its talons and hauls it to its nest of bones.
manectric:MANECTRIC is constantly discharging electricity from its mane. The sparks sometimes ignite forest fires. When it enters a battle, this POKéMON creates thunderclouds.
mankey:Extremely quick to anger. It could be docile one moment then thrashing away the next instant.
mantine:As it majestically swims, it doesn’t care if REMORAID attach to it for scavenging its leftovers.
mantyke:A friendly Pokémon that captures the subtle flows of seawater using its two antennae.
maractus:It uses an up-tempo song and dance to drive away the bird Pokémon that prey on its flower seeds.
mareanie:It plunges the poison spike on its head into its prey. When the prey has weakened, Mareanie deals the finishing blow with its 10 tentacles.
mareep:If static electricity builds in its body, its fleece doubles in volume. Touching it will shock you.
marill:The tip of its tail, which contains oil that is lighter than water, lets it swim without drowning.
marowak:The bone it holds is its key weapon. It throws the bone skillfully like a boomerang to KO targets.
marshadow:Able to conceal itself in shadows, it never appears before humans, so its very existence was the stuff of myth.
marshtomp:The surface of MARSHTOMP’s body is enveloped by a thin, sticky film that enables it to live on land. This POKéMON plays in mud on beaches when the ocean tide is low.
masquerain:MASQUERAIN intimidates enemies with the eyelike patterns on its antennas. This POKéMON flaps its four wings to freely fly in any direction - even sideways and backwards - as if it were a helicopter.
mawile:MAWILE’s huge jaws are actually steel horns that have been transformed. Its docile-looking face serves to lull its foe into letting down its guard. When the foe least expects it, MAWILE chomps it with its gaping jaws.
medicham:It is said that through meditation, MEDICHAM heightens energy inside its body and sharpens its sixth sense. This POKéMON hides its presence by merging itself with fields and mountains.
meditite:MEDITITE undertakes rigorous mental training deep in the mountains. However, whenever it meditates, this POKéMON always loses its concentration and focus. As a result, its training never ends.
meganium:The aroma that rises from its petals contains a substance that calms aggressive feelings.
melmetal:Revered long ago for its capacity to create iron from nothing, for some reason it has come back to life after 3,000 years.
meloetta:Its melodies are sung with a special vocalization method that can control the feelings of those who hear it.
meltan:It melts particles of iron and other metals found in the subsoil, so it can absorb them into its body of molten steel.
meowstic:When in danger, it raises its ears and releases enough psychic power to grind a 10-ton truck into dust.
meowth:Adores circular objects. Wanders the streets on a nightly basis to look for dropped loose change.
mesprit:Known as “The Being of Emotion.” It taught humans the nobility of sorrow, pain, and joy.
metagross:METAGROSS has four brains in total. Combined, the four brains can breeze through difficult calculations faster than a supercomputer. This POKéMON can float in the air by tucking in its four legs.
metang:When two BELDUM fuse together, METANG is formed. The brains of the BELDUM are joined by a magnetic nervous system. By linking its brains magnetically, this POKéMON generates strong psychokinetic power.
metapod:This POKéMON is vulnerable to attack while its shell is soft, exposing its weak and tender body.
mew:So rare that it is still said to be a mirage by many experts. Only a few people have seen it worldwide.
mewtwo:It was created by a scientist after years of horrific gene splicing and DNA engineering experiments.
mienfoo:In fights, they dominate with onslaughts of flowing, continuous attacks. With their sharp claws, they cut enemies.
mienshao:It wields the fur on its arms like a whip. Its arm attacks come with such rapidity that they cannot even be seen.
mightyena:MIGHTYENA gives obvious signals when it is preparing to attack. It starts to growl deeply and then flattens its body. This POKéMON will bite savagely with its sharply pointed fangs.
milcery:This Pokémon was born from sweet-smelling particles in the air. Its body is made of cream.
milotic:MILOTIC is said to be the most beautiful of all the POKéMON. It has the power to becalm such emotions as anger and hostility to quell bitter feuding.
miltank:Its milk is packed with nutrition, making it the ultimate beverage for the sick or weary.
mimikyu:After going to all the effort of disguising itself, its neck was broken. Whatever is inside is probably unharmed, but it’s still feeling sad.
minccino:They greet one another by rubbing each other with their tails, which are always kept well groomed and clean.
minior:Originally making its home in the ozone layer, it hurtles to the ground when the shell enclosing its body grows too heavy.
minun:MINUN is more concerned about cheering on its partners than its own safety. It shorts out the electricity in its body to create brilliant showers of sparks to cheer on its teammates.
misdreavus:It likes playing mischievous tricks such as screaming and wailing to startle people at night.
mismagius:Its cries sound like incantations. Those hearing it are tormented by headaches and hallucinations.
moltres:Known as the legendary bird of fire. Every flap of its wings creates a dazzling flash of flames.
monferno:To intimidate attackers, it stretches the fire on its tail to make itself appear bigger.
morelull:It scatters spores that flicker and glow. Anyone seeing these lights falls into a deep slumber.
morgrem:When it gets down on all fours as if to beg for forgiveness, it’s trying to lure opponents in so that it can stab them with its spear-like hair.
morpeko:As it eats the seeds stored up in its pocket-like pouches, this Pokémon is not just satisfying its constant hunger. It’s also generating electricity.
mothim:It loves the honey of flowers and steals honey collected by COMBEE.
mudbray:The mud stuck to Mudbray’s hooves enhances its grip and its powerful running gait.
mudkip:The fin on MUDKIP’s head acts as highly sensitive radar. Using this fin to sense movements of water and air, this POKéMON can determine what is taking place around it without using its eyes.
mudsdale:It spits a mud that provides resistance to both wind and rain, so the walls of old houses were often coated with it.
muk:Thickly covered with a filthy, vile sludge. It is so toxic, even its footprints contain poison.
munchlax:It wolfs down its weight in food once a day, swallowing food whole with almost no chewing.
munna:Munna always float in the air. People whose dreams are eaten by them forget what the dreams had been about.
murkrow:Feared and loathed by many, it is believed to bring misfortune to all those who see it at night.
musharna:The mist emanating from their foreheads is packed with the dreams of people and Pokémon.
naganadel:It stores hundreds of liters of poisonous liquid inside its body. It is one of the organisms known as UBs.
natu:Because its wings aren’t yet fully grown, it has to hop to get around. It is always staring at something.
necrozma:Reminiscent of the Ultra Beasts, this life-form, apparently asleep underground, is thought to have come from another world in ancient times.
nickit:Aided by the soft pads on its feet, it silently raids the food stores of other Pokémon. It survives off its ill-gotten gains.
nidoking:It uses its powerful tail in battle to smash, constrict, then break the prey’s bones.
nidoqueen:Its hard scales provide strong protection. It uses its hefty bulk to execute powerful moves.
nidorina:The female’s horn develops slowly. Prefers physical attacks such as clawing and biting.
nidorino:An aggressive POKéMON that is quick to attack. The horn on its head secretes a powerful venom.
nihilego:One of several mysterious Ultra Beasts. People on the street report observing those infested by it suddenly becoming violent.
nincada:NINCADA lives underground for many years in complete darkness. This POKéMON absorbs nutrients from the roots of trees. It stays motionless as it waits for evolution.
ninetales:Very smart and very vengeful. Grabbing one of its many tails could result in a 1000-year curse.
ninjask:NINJASK moves around at such a high speed that it cannot be seen, even while its crying can be clearly heard. For that reason, this POKéMON was long believed to be invisible.
noctowl:Its eyes are specially adapted. They concentrate even faint light and enable it to see in the dark.
noibat:They live in pitch-black caves. Their enormous ears can emit ultrasonic waves of 200,000 hertz.
noivern:They fly around on moonless nights and attack careless prey. Nothing can beat them in a battle in the dark.
nosepass:NOSEPASS’s magnetic nose is always pointed to the north. If two of these POKéMON meet, they cannot turn their faces to each other when they are close because their magnetic noses repel one another.
numel:NUMEL is extremely dull witted - it doesn’t notice being hit. However, it can’t stand hunger for even a second. This POKéMON’s body is a seething cauldron of boiling magma.
nuzleaf:NUZLEAF live in densely overgrown forests. They occasionally venture out of the forest to startle people. This POKéMON dislikes having its long nose pinched.
obstagoon:Its voice is staggering in volume. Obstagoon has a tendency to take on a threatening posture and shout—this move is known as Obstruct.
octillery:It traps enemies with its suction-cupped tentacles then smashes them with its rock-hard head.
oddish:During the day, it keeps its face buried in the ground. At night, it wanders around sowing its seeds.
omanyte:Although long extinct, in rare cases, it can be genetically resurrected from fossils.
omastar:A prehistoric POKéMON that died out when its heavy shell made it impossible to catch prey.
onix:As it grows, the stone portions of its body harden to become similar to a diamond, but colored black.
oranguru:Known for its extreme intelligence, this Pokémon will look down on inexperienced Trainers, so it’s best suited to veteran Trainers.
orbeetle:It’s famous for its high level of intelligence, and the large size of its brain is proof that it also possesses immense psychic power.
oricorio:It beats its wings together to create fire. As it moves in the steps of its beautiful dance, it bathes opponents in intense flames.
oshawott:It fights using the scalchop on its stomach. In response to an attack, it retaliates immediately by slashing.
pachirisu:It makes fur balls that crackle with static electricity. It stores them with berries in tree holes.
palkia:It has the ability to distort space. It is described as a deity in Sinnoh-region mythology.
palossand:Possessed people controlled by this Pokémon transformed its sand mound into a castle. As it evolved, its power to curse grew ever stronger.
palpitoad:When they vibrate the bumps on their heads, they can make waves in water or earthquake-like vibrations on land.
pancham:It does its best to be taken seriously by its enemies, but its glare is not sufficiently intimidating. Chewing on a leaf is its trademark.
pangoro:Although it possesses a violent temperament, it won’t put up with bullying. It uses the leaf in its mouth to sense the movements of its enemies.
panpour:The water stored inside the tuft on its head is full of nutrients. Plants that receive its water grow large.
pansage:This Pokémon dwells deep in the forest. Eating a leaf from its head whisks weariness away as if by magic.
pansear:When it is angered, the temperature of its head tuft reaches 600° F. It uses its tuft to roast berries.
paras:Burrows to suck tree roots. The mushrooms on its back grow by drawing nutrients from the bug host.
parasect:A host-parasite pair in which the parasite mushroom has taken over the host bug. Prefers damp places.
passimian:They form groups of roughly 20 individuals. Their mutual bond is remarkable—they will never let down a comrade.
patrat:Using food stored in cheek pouches, they can keep watch for days. They use their tails to communicate with others.
pawniard:Blades comprise this Pokémon’s entire body. If battling dulls the blades, it sharpens them on stones by the river.
pelipper:PELIPPER is a flying transporter that carries small POKéMON and eggs inside its massive bill. This POKéMON builds its nest on steep cliffs facing the sea.
perrserker:What appears to be an iron helmet is actually hardened hair. This Pokémon lives for the thrill of battle.
persian:Although its fur has many admirers, it is tough to raise as a pet because of its fickle meanness.
petilil:The leaves on its head are very bitter. Eating one of these leaves is known to refresh a tired body.
phanpy:It swings its long snout around playfully, but because it is so strong, that can be dangerous.
phantump:These Pokémon are created when spirits possess rotten tree stumps. They prefer to live in abandoned forests.
pheromosa:One of the dangerous Ultra Beasts, it has been spotted running across the land at terrific speeds.
phione:A Pokémon that lives in warm seas. It inflates the flotation sac on its head to drift and search for food.
pichu:It is not yet skilled at storing electricity. It may send out a jolt if amused or startled.
pidgeot:When hunting, it skims the surface of water at high speed to pick off unwary prey such as MAGIKARP.
pidgeotto:Very protective of its sprawling territorial area, this POKéMON will fiercely peck at any intruder.
pidgey:A common sight in forests and woods. It flaps its wings at ground level to kick up blinding sand.
pidove:Each follows its Trainer’s orders as best it can, but they sometimes fail to understand complicated commands.
pignite:When its internal fire flares up, its movements grow sharper and faster. When in trouble, it emits smoke.
pikachu:When several of these POKéMON gather, their electricity could build and cause lightning storms.
pikipek:It can peck at a rate of 16 times a second to drill holes in trees. It uses the holes for food storage and for nesting.
piloswine:Because the long hair all over its body obscures its sight, it just keeps charging repeatedly.
pincurchin:It feeds on seaweed, using its teeth to scrape it off rocks. Electric current flows from the tips of its spines.
pineco:It likes to make its shell thicker by adding layers of tree bark. The additional weight doesn’t bother it.
pinsir:If it fails to crush the victim in its pincers, it will swing it around and toss it hard.
piplup:Because it is very proud, it hates accepting food from people. Its thick down guards it from cold.
plusle:PLUSLE always acts as a cheerleader for its partners. Whenever a teammate puts out a good effort in battle, this POKéMON shorts out its body to create the crackling noises of sparks to show its joy.
poipole:This Ultra Beast is well enough liked to be chosen as a first partner in its own world.
politoed:If POLIWAG and POLIWHIRL hear its echoing cry, they respond by gathering from far and wide.
poliwag:Its newly grown legs prevent it from running. It appears to prefer swimming than trying to stand.
poliwhirl:Capable of living in or out of water. When out of water, it sweats to keep its body slimy.
poliwrath:An adept swimmer at both the front crawl and breast stroke. Easily overtakes the best human swimmers.
polteageist:Trainers Polteageist trusts will be allowed to experience its distinctive flavor and aroma firsthand by sampling just a tiny bit of its tea.
ponyta:Its hooves are 10 times harder than diamonds. It can trample anything completely flat in little time.
poochyena:At first sight, POOCHYENA takes a bite at anything that moves. This POKéMON chases after prey until the victim becomes exhausted. However, it may turn tail if the prey strikes back.
popplio:This Pokémon snorts body fluids from its nose, blowing balloons to smash into its foes. It’s famous for being a hard worker.
porygon:A POKéMON that consists entirely of programming code. Capable of moving freely in cyberspace.
porygon-z:Additional software was installed to make it a better Pokémon. It began acting oddly, however.
primarina:It controls its water balloons with song. The melody is learned from others of its kind and is passed down from one generation to the next.
primeape:Always furious and tenacious to boot. It will not abandon chasing its quarry until it is caught.
prinplup:It lives alone, away from others. Apparently, every one of them believes it is the most important.
probopass:It exudes strong magnetism from all over. It controls three small units called Mini-Noses.
psyduck:While lulling its enemies with its vacant look, this wily POKéMON will use psychokinetic powers.
pumpkaboo:The pumpkin body is inhabited by a spirit trapped in this world. As the sun sets, it becomes restless and active.
pupitar:Its shell is as hard as sheet rock, and it is also very strong. Its THRASHING can topple a mountain.
purrloin:They steal from people for fun, but their victims can’t help but forgive them. Their deceptively cute act is perfect.
purugly:It is a brazen brute that barges its way into another Pokémon’s nest and claims it as its own.
pyroar:The male with the largest mane of fire is the leader of the pride.
pyukumuku:It lives in shallow seas, such as areas near a beach. It can eject its internal organs, which it uses to engulf its prey or battle enemies.
quagsire:This carefree POKéMON has an easy-going nature. While swimming, it always bumps into boat hulls.
quilava:Be careful if it turns its back during battle. It means that it will attack with the fire on its back.
quilladin:It relies on its sturdy shell to deflect predators’ attacks. It counterattacks with its sharp quills.
qwilfish:To fire its poison spikes, it must inflate its body by drinking over 2.6 gallons of water all at once.
raboot:Its thick and fluffy fur protects it from the cold and enables it to use hotter fire moves.
raichu:Its long tail serves as a ground to protect itself from its own high voltage power.
raikou:The rain clouds it carries let it fire thunderbolts at will. They say that it descended with lightning.
ralts:RALTS senses the emotions of people using the horns on its head. This POKéMON rarely appears before people. But when it does, it draws closer if it senses that the person has a positive disposition.
rampardos:Its powerful head butt has enough power to shatter even the most durable things upon impact.
rapidash:Very competitive, this POKéMON will chase anything that moves fast in the hopes of racing it.
raticate:It uses its whiskers to maintain its balance. It apparently slows down if they are cut off.
rattata:Bites anything when it attacks. Small and very quick, it is a common sight in many places.
rayquaza:RAYQUAZA lived for hundreds of millions of years in the earth’s ozone layer, never descending to the ground. This POKéMON appears to feed on water and particles in the atmosphere.
regice:REGICE’s body was made during an ice age. The deep-frozen body can’t be melted, even by fire. This POKéMON controls frigid air of minus 328 degrees F.
regigigas:There is an enduring legend that states this Pokémon towed continents with ropes.
regirock:REGIROCK was sealed away by people long ago. If this POKéMON’s body is damaged in battle, it is said to seek out suitable rocks on its own to repair itself.
registeel:REGISTEEL has a body that is harder than any kind of metal. Its body is apparently hollow. No one has any idea what this POKéMON eats.
relicanth:RELICANTH is a POKéMON species that existed for a hundred million years without ever changing its form. This ancient POKéMON feeds on microscopic organisms with its toothless mouth.
remoraid:It has superb accuracy. The water it shoots out can strike even moving prey from more than 300 feet.
reshiram:This Pokémon appears in legends. It sends flames into the air from its tail, burning up everything around it.
reuniclus:When Reuniclus shake hands, a network forms between their brains, increasing their psychic power.
rhydon:Protected by an armor-like hide, it is capable of living in molten lava of 3,600 degrees.
rhyhorn:Its massive bones are 1000 times harder than human bones. It can easily knock a trailer flying.
rhyperior:It puts rocks in holes in its palms and uses its muscles to shoot them. GEODUDE are shot at rare times.
ribombee:It rolls up pollen into puffs. It makes many different varieties, some used as food and others used in battle.
rillaboom:By drumming, it taps into the power of its special tree stump. The roots of the stump follow its direction in battle.
riolu:The aura that emanates from its body intensifies to alert others if it is afraid or sad.
rockruff:It’s considered to be a good Pokémon for beginners because of its friendliness, but its disposition grows rougher as it grows up.
roggenrola:Its ear is hexagonal in shape. Compressed underground, its body is as hard as steel.
rolycoly:Most of its body has the same composition as coal. Fittingly, this Pokémon was first discovered in coal mines about 400 years ago.
rookidee:It will bravely challenge any opponent, no matter how powerful. This Pokémon benefits from every battle—even a defeat increases its strength a bit.
roselia:ROSELIA shoots sharp thorns as projectiles at any opponent that tries to steal the flowers on its arms. The aroma of this POKéMON brings serenity to living things.
roserade:It attracts prey with a sweet aroma, then downs it with thorny whips hidden in its arms.
rotom:Its body is composed of plasma. It is known to infiltrate electronic devices and wreak havoc.
rowlet:This wary Pokémon uses photosynthesis to store up energy during the day, while becoming active at night.
rufflet:They crush berries with their talons. They bravely stand up to any opponent, no matter how strong it is.
runerigus:A powerful curse was woven into an ancient painting. After absorbing the spirit of a Yamask, the painting began to move.
sableye:SABLEYE lead quiet lives deep inside caverns. They are feared, however, because these POKéMON are thought to steal the spirits of people when their eyes burn with a sinister glow in the darkness.
salamence:SALAMENCE came about as a result of a strong, long-held dream of growing wings. It is said that this powerful desire triggered a sudden mutation in this POKéMON’s cells, causing it to sprout its magnificent wings.
salandit:It burns its bodily fluids to create a poisonous gas. When its enemies become disoriented from inhaling the gas, it attacks them.
salazzle:For some reason, only females have been found. It creates a reverse harem of male Salandit that it lives with.
samurott:One swing of the sword incorporated in its armor can fell an opponent. A simple glare from one of them quiets everybody.
sandaconda:When it contracts its body, over 220 pounds of sand sprays from its nose. If it ever runs out of sand, it becomes disheartened.
sandile:They live buried in the sands of the desert. The sun-warmed sands prevent their body temperature from dropping.
sandshrew:Burrows deep underground in arid locations far from water. It only emerges to hunt for food.
sandslash:Curls up into a spiny ball when threatened. It can roll while curled up to attack or escape.
sandygast:Born from a sand mound playfully built by a child, this Pokémon embodies the grudges of the departed.
sawk:The sound of Sawk punching boulders and trees can be heard all the way from the mountains where they train.
sawsbuck:They migrate according to the seasons. People can tell the season by looking at Sawsbuck’s horns.
scatterbug:When under attack from bird Pokémon, it spews a poisonous black powder that causes paralysis on contact.
sceptile:The leaves growing on SCEPTILE’s body are very sharp edged. This POKéMON is very agile - it leaps all over the branches of trees and jumps on its foe from above or behind.
scizor:It swings its eye-patterned pincers up to scare its foes. This makes it look like it has three heads.
scolipede:With quick movements, it chases down its foes, attacking relentlessly with its horns until it prevails.
scorbunny:A warm-up of running around gets fire energy coursing through this Pokémon’s body. Once that happens, it’s ready to fight at full power.
scrafty:Groups of them beat up anything that enters their territory. Each can spit acidic liquid from its mouth.
scraggy:Its skin has a rubbery elasticity, so it can reduce damage by defensively pulling its skin up to its neck.
scyther:With ninja-like agility and speed, it can create the illusion that there is more than one.
seadra:Capable of swimming backwards by rapidly flapping its wing-like pectoral fins and stout tail.
seaking:In the autumn spawning season, they can be seen swimming powerfully up rivers and creeks.
sealeo:SEALEO has the habit of always juggling on the tip of its nose anything it sees for the first time. This POKéMON occasionally entertains itself by balancing and rolling a SPHEAL on its nose.
seedot:SEEDOT attaches itself to a tree branch using the top of its head. It sucks moisture from the tree while hanging off the branch. The more water it drinks, the glossier this POKéMON’s body becomes.
seel:The protruding horn on its head is very hard. It is used for bashing through thick ice.
seismitoad:They shoot paralyzing liquid from their head bumps. They use vibration to hurt their opponents.
sentret:A very cautious POKéMON, it raises itself up using its tail to get a better view of its surroundings.
serperior:It can stop its opponents’ movements with just a glare. It takes in solar energy and boosts it internally.
servine:It moves along the ground as if sliding. Its swift movements befuddle its foes, and it then attacks with a vine whip.
seviper:SEVIPER shares a generations-long feud with ZANGOOSE. The scars on its body are evidence of vicious battles. This POKéMON attacks using its sword-edged tail.
sewaddle:Leavanny dress it in clothes they made for it when it hatched. It hides its head in its hood while it is sleeping.
sharpedo:Nicknamed “the bully of the sea,” SHARPEDO is widely feared. Its cruel fangs grow back immediately if they snap off. Just one of these POKéMON can thoroughly tear apart a supertanker.
shaymin:It lives in flower patches and avoids detection by curling up to look like a flowering plant.
shedinja:SHEDINJA’s hard body doesn’t move - not even a twitch. In fact, its body appears to be merely a hollow shell. It is believed that this POKéMON will steal the spirit of anyone peering into its hollow body from its back.
shelgon:Inside SHELGON’s armor-like shell, cells are in the midst of transformation to create an entirely new body. This POKéMON’s shell is extremely heavy, making its movements sluggish.
shellder:Its hard shell repels any kind of attack. It is vulnerable only when its shell is open.
shellos:Its colors and shapes differ from region to region. In the Sinnoh region, two types are confirmed.
shelmet:When attacked, it defends itself by closing the lid of its shell. It can spit a sticky, poisonous liquid.
shieldon:A Pokémon that lived in jungles around 100 million years ago. Its facial hide is extremely hard.
shiftry:SHIFTRY is a mysterious POKéMON that is said to live atop towering trees dating back over a thousand years. It creates terrific windstorms with the fans it holds.
shiinotic:Forests where Shiinotic live are treacherous to enter at night. People confused by its strange lights can never find their way home again.
shinx:All of its fur dazzles if danger is sensed. It flees while the foe is momentarily blinded.
shroomish:SHROOMISH live in damp soil in the dark depths of forests. They are often found keeping still under fallen leaves. This POKéMON feeds on compost that is made up of fallen, rotted leaves.
shuckle:The BERRIES it stores in its vase-like shell decompose and become a gooey liquid.
shuppet:SHUPPET is attracted by feelings of jealousy and vindictiveness. If someone develops strong feelings of vengeance, this POKéMON will appear in a swarm and line up beneath the eaves of that person’s home.
sigilyph:They never vary the route they fly, because their memories of guarding an ancient city remain steadfast.
silcoon:SILCOON tethers itself to a tree branch using silk to keep from falling. There, this POKéMON hangs quietly while it awaits evolution. It peers out of the silk cocoon through a small hole.
silicobra:As it digs, it swallows sand and stores it in its neck pouch. The pouch can hold more than 17 pounds of sand.
silvally:Its trust in its partner is what awakens it. This Pokémon is capable of changing its type, a flexibility that is well displayed in battle.
simipour:The tuft on its head holds water. When the level runs low, it replenishes the tuft by siphoning up water with its tail.
simisage:Ill tempered, it fights by swinging its barbed tail around wildly. The leaf growing on its head is very bitter.
simisear:It loves sweets because they become energy for the fire burning inside its body.
sinistea:The swirl pattern in this Pokémon’s body is its weakness. If it gets stirred, the swirl loses its shape, and Sinistea gets dizzy.
sizzlipede:It stores flammable gas in its body and uses it to generate heat. The yellow sections on its belly get particularly hot.
skarmory:Its sturdy wings look heavy, but they are actually hollow and light, allowing it to fly freely in the sky.
skiddo:Thought to be one of the first Pokémon to live in harmony with humans, it has a placid disposition.
skiploom:The bloom on top of its head opens and closes as the temperature fluctuates up and down.
skitty:SKITTY has the habit of becoming fascinated by moving objects and chasing them around. This POKéMON is known to chase after its own tail and become dizzy.
skorupi:It grips prey with its tail claws and injects poison. It tenaciously hangs on until the poison takes.
skrelp:Camouflaged as rotten kelp, they spray liquid poison on prey that approaches unawares and then finish it off.
skuntank:It sprays a vile-smelling fluid from the tip of its tail to attack. Its range is over 160 feet.
skwovet:Found throughout the Galar region, this Pokémon becomes uneasy if its cheeks are ever completely empty of berries.
slaking:SLAKING spends all day lying down and lolling about. It eats grass growing within its reach. If it eats all the grass it can reach, this POKéMON reluctantly moves to another spot.
slakoth:SLAKOTH lolls around for over twenty hours every day. Because it moves so little, it does not need much food. This POKéMON’s sole daily meal consists of just three leaves.
sliggoo:It drives away opponents by excreting a sticky liquid that can dissolve anything. Its eyes devolved, so it can’t see anything.
slowbro:The SHELLDER that is latched onto SLOWPOKE’s tail is said to feed on the host’s left over scraps.
slowking:It has incredible intellect and intuition. Whatever the situation, it remains calm and collected.
slowpoke:Incredibly slow and dopey. It takes 5 seconds for it to feel pain when under attack.
slugma:It never sleeps. It has to keep moving because if it stopped, its magma body would cool and harden.
slurpuff:It can distinguish the faintest of scents. It puts its sensitive sense of smell to use by helping pastry chefs in their work.
smeargle:A special fluid oozes from the tip of its tail. It paints the fluid everywhere to mark its territory.
smoochum:Its lips are the most sensitive parts on its body. It always uses its lips first to examine things.
sneasel:Its paws conceal sharp claws. If attacked, it suddenly extends the claws and startles its enemy.
snivy:It is very intelligent and calm. Being exposed to lots of sunlight makes its movements swifter.
snom:It spits out thread imbued with a frigid sort of energy and uses it to tie its body to branches, disguising itself as an icicle while it sleeps.
snorlax:Very lazy. Just eats and sleeps. As its rotund bulk builds, it becomes steadily more slothful.
snorunt:SNORUNT live in regions with heavy snowfall. In seasons without snow, such as spring and summer, this POKéMON steals away to live quietly among stalactites and stalagmites deep in caverns.
snover:It lives on snowy mountains. Having had little contact with humans, it is boldly inquisitive.
snubbull:Although it looks frightening, it is actually kind and affectionate. It is very popular among women.
sobble:When scared, this Pokémon cries. Its tears pack the chemical punch of 100 onions, and attackers won’t be able to resist weeping.
solgaleo:It is said to live in another world. The intense light it radiates from the surface of its body can make the darkest of nights light up like midday.
solosis:They drive away attackers by unleashing psychic power. They can use telepathy to talk with others.
solrock:SOLROCK is a new species of POKéMON that is said to have fallen from space. It floats in air and moves silently. In battle, this POKéMON releases intensely bright light.
spearow:Eats bugs in grassy areas. It has to flap its short wings at high speed to stay airborne.
spewpa:It lives hidden within thicket shadows. When predators attack, it quickly bristles the fur covering its body in an effort to threaten them.
spheal:SPHEAL is much faster rolling than walking to get around. When groups of this POKéMON eat, they all clap at once to show their pleasure. Because of this, their mealtimes are noisy.
spinarak:It lies still in the same pose for days in its web, waiting for its unsuspecting prey to wander close.
spinda:All the SPINDA that exist in the world are said to have utterly unique spot patterns. The shaky, tottering steps of this POKéMON give it the appearance of dancing.
spiritomb:A Pokémon that was formed by 108 spirits. It is bound to a fissure in an odd keystone.
spoink:SPOINK bounces around on its tail. The shock of its bouncing makes its heart pump. As a result, this POKéMON cannot afford to stop bouncing - if it stops, its heart will stop.
spritzee:It emits a scent that enraptures those who smell it. This fragrance changes depending on what it has eaten.
squirtle:After birth, its back swells and hardens into a shell. Powerfully sprays foam from its mouth.
stakataka:It appeared from an Ultra Wormhole. Each one appears to be made up of many life-forms stacked one on top of each other.
stantler:The curved antlers subtly change the flow of air to create a strange space where reality is distorted.
staraptor:It has a savage nature. It will courageously challenge foes that are much larger.
staravia:It flies around forests and fields in search of bug Pokémon. It stays within a huge flock.
starly:They flock in great numbers. Though small, they flap their wings with great power.
starmie:Its central core glows with the seven colors of the rainbow. Some people value the core as a gem.
staryu:An enigmatic POKéMON that can effortlessly regenerate any appendage it loses in battle.
steelix:Its body has been compressed deep under the ground. As a result, it is even harder than a diamond.
steenee:The sepals on its head developed to protect its body. These are quite hard, so even if pecked by bird Pokémon, this Pokémon is totally fine.
stonjourner:It stands in grasslands, watching the sun’s descent from zenith to horizon. This Pokémon has a talent for delivering dynamic kicks.
stoutland:It rescues people stranded by blizzards in the mountains. Its shaggy fur shields it from the cold.
stufful:Despite its adorable appearance, when it gets angry and flails about, its arms and legs could knock a pro wrestler sprawling.
stunfisk:Its skin is very hard, so it is unhurt even if stepped on by sumo wrestlers. It smiles when transmitting electricity.
stunky:It protects itself by spraying a noxious fluid from its rear. The stench lingers for 24 hours.
sudowoodo:Although it always pretends to be a tree, its composition appears to be closer to a rock than a plant.
suicune:Said to be the reincarnation of north winds, it can instantly purify filthy, murky water.
sunflora:It converts sunlight into energy. In the darkness after sunset, it closes its petals and becomes still.
sunkern:It may drop out of the sky suddenly. If attacked by a SPEAROW, it will violently shake its leaves.
surskit:From the tips of its feet, SURSKIT secretes an oil that enables it to walk on water as if it were skating. This POKéMON feeds on microscopic organisms in ponds and lakes.
swablu:SWABLU has light and fluffy wings that are like cottony clouds. This POKéMON is not frightened of people. It lands on the heads of people and sits there like a cotton-fluff hat.
swadloon:Forests where Swadloon live have superb foliage because the nutrients they make from fallen leaves nourish the plant life.
swalot:When SWALOT spots prey, it spurts out a hideously toxic fluid from its pores and sprays the target. Once the prey has weakened, this POKéMON gulps it down whole with its cavernous mouth.
swampert:SWAMPERT is very strong. It has enough power to easily drag a boulder weighing more than a ton. This POKéMON also has powerful vision that lets it see even in murky water.
swanna:Swanna start to dance at dusk. The one dancing in the middle is the leader of the flock.
swellow:SWELLOW flies high above our heads, making graceful arcs in the sky. This POKéMON dives at a steep angle as soon as it spots its prey. The hapless prey is tightly grasped by SWELLOW’s clawed feet, preventing escape.
swinub:It rubs its snout on the ground to find and dig up food. It sometimes discovers hot springs.
swirlix:To entangle its opponents in battle, it extrudes white threads as sweet and sticky as cotton candy.
swoobat:It emits sound waves of various frequencies from its nose, including some powerful enough to destroy rocks.
sylveon:It sends a soothing aura from its ribbonlike feelers to calm fights.
taillow:TAILLOW courageously stands its ground against foes, however strong they may be. This gutsy POKéMON will remain defiant even after a loss. On the other hand, it cries loudly if it becomes hungry.
talonflame:In the fever of an exciting battle, it showers embers from the gaps between its feathers and takes to the air.
tangela:The whole body is swathed with wide vines that are similar to seaweed. Its vines shake as it walks.
tangrowth:It ensnares prey by extending arms made of vines. Losing arms to predators does not trouble it.
tauros:When it targets an enemy, it charges furiously while whipping its body with its long tails.
teddiursa:If it finds honey, its crescent mark glows. It always licks its paws because they are soaked with honey.
tentacool:Drifts in shallow seas. Anglers who hook them by accident are often punished by its stinging acid.
tentacruel:The tentacles are normally kept short. On hunts, they are extended to ensnare and immobilize prey.
tepig:It can deftly dodge its foe’s attacks while shooting fireballs from its nose. It roasts berries before it eats them.
terrakion:This Pokémon came to the defense of Pokémon that had lost their homes in a war among humans.
thievul:It secretly marks potential targets with a scent. By following the scent, it stalks its targets and steals from them when they least expect it.
throh:When it tightens its belt, it becomes stronger. Wild Throh use vines to weave their own belts.
thundurus:Countless charred remains mar the landscape of places through which Thundurus has passed.
thwackey:The faster a Thwackey can beat out a rhythm with its two sticks, the more respect it wins from its peers.
timburr:It fights by swinging a piece of lumber around. It is close to evolving when it can handle the lumber without difficulty.
tirtouga:Restored from a fossil, this Pokémon can dive to depths beyond half a mile.
togedemaru:The spiny fur on its back is normally at rest. When this Pokémon becomes agitated, its fur stands on end and stabs into its attackers.
togekiss:It will never appear where there is strife. Its sightings have become rare recently.
togepi:The shell seems to be filled with joy. It is said that it will share good luck when treated kindly.
togetic:They say that it will appear before kindhearted, caring people and shower them with happiness.
torchic:TORCHIC sticks with its TRAINER, following behind with unsteady steps. This POKéMON breathes fire of over 1,800 degrees F, including fireballs that leave the foe scorched black.
torkoal:TORKOAL digs through mountains in search of coal. If it finds some, it fills hollow spaces on its shell with the coal and burns it. If it is attacked, this POKéMON spouts thick black smoke to beat a retreat.
tornadus:The lower half of its body is wrapped in a cloud of energy. It zooms through the sky at 200 mph.
torracat:At its throat, it bears a bell of fire. The bell rings brightly whenever this Pokémon spits fire.
torterra:Small Pokémon occasionally gather on its unmoving back to begin building their nests.
totodile:Its well-developed jaws are powerful and capable of crushing anything. Even its trainer must be careful.
toucannon:When it battles, its beak heats up. The temperature can easily exceed 212 degrees Fahrenheit, causing severe burns when it hits.
toxapex:Toxapex crawls along the ocean floor on its 12 legs. It leaves a trail of Corsola bits scattered in its wake.
toxel:It stores poison in an internal poison sac and secretes that poison through its skin. If you touch this Pokémon, a tingling sensation follows.
toxicroak:Its knuckle claws secrete a toxin so vile that even a scratch could prove fatal.
toxtricity:Capable of generating 15,000 volts of electricity, this Pokémon looks down on all that would challenge it.
tranquill:It can return to its Trainer’s location regardless of the distance separating them.
trapinch:TRAPINCH’s nest is a sloped, bowl-like pit dug in sand. This POKéMON patiently waits for prey to tumble down the pit. Its giant jaws have enough strength to crush even boulders.
treecko:TREECKO has small hooks on the bottom of its feet that enable it to scale vertical walls. This POKéMON attacks by slamming foes with its thick tail.
trevenant:It can control trees at will. It will trap people who harm the forest, so they can never leave.
tropius:The bunches of fruit around TROPIUS’s neck are very popular with children. This POKéMON loves fruit, and eats it continuously. Apparently, its love for fruit resulted in its own outgrowth of fruit.
trubbish:Inhaling the gas they belch will make you sleep for a week. They prefer unsanitary places.
trumbeak:It eats berries and stores their seeds in its beak. When it encounters enemies or prey, it fires off all the seeds in a burst.
tsareena:Its long, striking legs aren’t just for show but to be used to kick with skill. In victory, it shows off by kicking the defeated, laughing boisterously.
turtonator:The shell on its back is chemically unstable and explodes violently if struck. The hole in its stomach is its weak point.
turtwig:Made from soil, the shell on its back hardens when it drinks water. It lives along lakes.
tympole:They warn others of danger by vibrating their cheeks to create a high-pitched sound.
tynamo:While one alone doesn’t have much power, a chain of many Tynamo can be as powerful as lightning.
typhlosion:If its rage peaks, it becomes so hot that anything that touches it will instantly go up in flames.
tyranitar:Its body can’t be harmed by any sort of attack, so it is very eager to make challenges against enemies.
tyrantrum:Thanks to its gargantuan jaws, which could shred thick metal plates as if they were paper, it was invincible in the ancient world it once inhabited.
tyrogue:It is always bursting with energy. To make itself stronger, it keeps on fighting even if it loses.
tyrunt:This Pokémon was restored from a fossil. If something happens that it doesn’t like, it throws a tantrum and runs wild.
umbreon:When agitated, this POKéMON protects itself by spraying poisonous sweat from its pores.
unfezant:Males swing their head plumage to threaten opponents. The females’ flying abilities surpass those of the males.
unown:Their shapes look like hieroglyphs on ancient tablets. It is said that the two are somehow related.
ursaring:Although it is a good climber, it prefers to snap trees with its forelegs and eat fallen BERRIES.
uxie:Known as “The Being of Knowledge.” It is said that it can wipe out the memory of those who see its eyes.
vanillish:Snowy mountains are this Pokémon’s habitat. During an ancient ice age, they moved to southern areas.
vanillite:The temperature of their breath is -58° F. They create snow crystals and make snow fall in the areas around them.
vanilluxe:Swallowing large amounts of water, they make snow clouds inside their bodies and attack their foes with violent blizzards.
vaporeon:Lives close to water. Its long tail is ridged with a fin which is often mistaken for a mermaid’s.
venipede:Its bite injects a potent poison, enough to paralyze large bird Pokémon that try to prey on it.
venomoth:The dust-like scales covering its wings are color coded to indicate the kinds of poison it has.
venonat:Lives in the shadows of tall trees where it eats insects. It is attracted by light at night.
venusaur:The plant blooms when it is absorbing solar energy. It stays on the move to seek sunlight.
vespiquen:Its abdomen is a honeycomb for grubs. It raises its grubs on honey collected by COMBEE.
vibrava:To make prey faint, VIBRAVA generates ultrasonic waves by vigorously making its two wings vibrate. This POKéMON’s ultrasonic waves are so powerful, they can bring on headaches in people.
victini:This Pokémon brings victory. It is said that Trainers with Victini always win, regardless of the type of encounter.
victreebel:Said to live in huge colonies deep in jungles, although no one has ever returned from there.
vigoroth:VIGOROTH is always itching and agitated to go on a wild rampage. It simply can’t tolerate sitting still for even a minute. This POKéMON’s stress level rises if it can’t be moving constantly.
vikavolt:It zips around, on sharp lookout for an opening. It concentrates electrical energy within its large jaws and uses it to zap its enemies.
vileplume:The larger its petals, the more toxic pollen it contains. Its big head is heavy and hard to hold up.
virizion:This Pokémon fought humans in order to protect its friends. Legends about it continue to be passed down.
vivillon:Vivillon with many different patterns are found all over the world. These patterns are affected by the climate of their habitat.
volbeat:With the arrival of night, VOLBEAT emits light from its tail. It communicates with others by adjusting the intensity and flashing of its light. This POKéMON is attracted by the sweet aroma of ILLUMISE.
volcanion:It lets out billows of steam and disappears into the dense fog. It’s said to live in mountains where humans do not tread.
volcarona:When volcanic ash darkened the atmosphere, it is said that Volcarona’s fire provided a replacement for the sun.
voltorb:Usually found in power plants. Easily mistaken for a POKé BALL, they have zapped many people.
vullaby:Its wings are too tiny to allow it to fly. As the time approaches for it to evolve, it discards the bones it was wearing.
vulpix:At the time of birth, it has just one tail. The tail splits from its tip as it grows older.
wailmer:WAILMER’s nostrils are located above its eyes. This playful POKéMON loves to startle people by forcefully snorting out seawater it stores inside its body out of its nostrils.
wailord:WAILORD is the largest of all identified POKéMON up to now. This giant POKéMON swims languorously in the vast open sea, eating massive amounts of food at once with its enormous mouth.
walrein:WALREIN’s two massively developed tusks can totally shatter blocks of ice weighing ten tons with one blow. This POKéMON’s thick coat of blubber insulates it from subzero temperatures.
wartortle:Often hides in water to stalk unwary prey. For swimming fast, it moves its ears to maintain balance.
watchog:When they see an enemy, their tails stand high, and they spit the seeds of berries stored in their cheek pouches.
weavile:They live in cold regions, forming groups of four or five that hunt prey with impressive coordination.
weedle:Often found in forests, eating leaves. It has a sharp venomous stinger on its head.
weepinbell:It spits out POISONPOWDER to immobilize the enemy and then finishes it with a spray of ACID.
weezing:Where two kinds of poison gases meet, 2 KOFFINGs can fuse into a WEEZING over many years.
whimsicott:Like the wind, it can slip through any gap, no matter how small. It leaves balls of white fluff behind.
whirlipede:Protected by a hard shell, it spins its body like a wheel and crashes furiously into its enemies.
whiscash:WHISCASH is extremely territorial. Just one of these POKéMON will claim a large pond as its exclusive territory. If a foe approaches it, it thrashes about and triggers a massive earthquake.
whismur:Normally, WHISMUR’s voice is very quiet - it is barely audible even if one is paying close attention. However, if this POKéMON senses danger, it starts crying at an earsplitting volume.
wigglytuff:The body is soft and rubbery. When angered, it will suck in air and inflate itself to an enormous size.
wimpod:This Pokémon is a coward. As it desperately dashes off, the flailing of its many legs leaves a sparkling clean path in its wake.
wingull:WINGULL has the habit of carrying prey and valuables in its beak and hiding them in all sorts of locations. This POKéMON rides the winds and flies as if it were skating across the sky.
wishiwashi:When it’s in trouble, its eyes moisten and begin to shine. The shining light attracts its comrades, and they stand together against their enemies.
wobbuffet:It hates light and shock. If attacked, it inflates its body to pump up its counterstrike.
woobat:Its habitat is dark forests and caves. It emits ultrasonic waves from its nose to learn about its surroundings.
wooloo:Its curly fleece is such an effective cushion that this Pokémon could fall off a cliff and stand right back up at the bottom, unharmed.
wooper:This POKéMON lives in cold water. It will leave the water to search for food when it gets cold outside.
wormadam:When BURMY evolved, its cloak became a part of this Pokémon’s body. The cloak is never shed.
wurmple:Using the spikes on its rear end, WURMPLE peels the bark off trees and feeds on the sap that oozes out. This POKéMON’s feet are tipped with suction pads that allow it to cling to glass without slipping.
wynaut:WYNAUT can always be seen with a big, happy smile on its face. Look at its tail to determine if it is angry. When angered, this POKéMON will be slapping the ground with its tail.
xatu:They say that it stays still and quiet because it is seeing both the past and future at the same time.
xerneas:Legends say it can share eternal life. It slept for a thousand years in the form of a tree before its revival.
xurkitree:One of the mysterious life-forms known as Ultra Beasts. Astonishing electric shocks emanate from its entire body, according to witnesses.
yamask:Each of them carries a mask that used to be its face when it was human. Sometimes they look at it and cry.
yamper:This Pokémon is very popular as a herding dog in the Galar region. As it runs, it generates electricity from the base of its tail.
yanma:If it flaps its wings really fast, it can generate shock waves that will shatter windows in the area.
yanmega:By churning its wings, it creates shock waves that inflict critical internal injuries to foes.
yungoos:With its sharp fangs, it will bite anything. It did not originally live in Alola but was imported from another region.
yveltal:When this legendary Pokémon’s wings and tail feathers spread wide and glow red, it absorbs the life force of living creatures.
zacian:Now armed with a weapon it used in ancient times, this Pokémon needs only a single strike to fell even Gigantamax Pokémon.
zamazenta:Its ability to deflect any attack led to it being known as the Fighting Master’s Shield. It was feared and respected by all.
zangoose:Memories of battling its arch-rival SEVIPER are etched into every cell of ZANGOOSE’s body. This POKéMON adroitly dodges attacks with incredible agility.
zapdos:A legendary bird POKéMON that is said to appear from clouds while dropping enormous lightning bolts.
zebstrika:They have lightning-like movements. When Zebstrika run at full speed, the sound of thunder reverberates.
zekrom:Concealing itself in lightning clouds, it flies throughout the Unova region. It creates electricity in its tail.
zeraora:It electrifies its claws and tears its opponents apart with them. Even if they dodge its attack, they’ll be electrocuted by the flying sparks.
zigzagoon:ZIGZAGOON restlessly wanders everywhere at all times. This POKéMON does so because it is very curious. It becomes interested in anything that it happens to see.
zoroark:Bonds between these Pokémon are very strong. It protects the safety of its pack by tricking its opponents.
zorua:It changes into the forms of others to surprise them. Apparently, it often transforms into a silent child.
zubat:Forms colonies in perpetually dark places. Uses ultrasonic waves to identify and approach targets.
zweilous:After it has eaten up all the food in its territory, it moves to another area. Its two heads do not get along.
zygarde:When the Kalos region’s ecosystem falls into disarray, it appears and reveals its secret power.
